>> Zac: So in our second example, what
we wanted to do was use the admin hook.
So all we were doing was we had the exact
same code that should all still be working
properly.
And instead of using the in queue scripts
that would display on the front end, we're
using this hook admin in queue scripts,
and that would load our
code on the backend.
So if we activate this plug-in, and
pop open the console anywhere in
the admin area, we will see this code.
So that works well for us.
Then, in the final example, same thing,
except now we have a little
bit more PHP getCode going on.
So for the sake of you all
who haven't built plugins and
might wanna use this as a little template
later on, for building a plugin,
what we have at first is we're
setting the URL of the menu.
And this is why I said don't activate too
many of these at once, because if you have
the same URL structure for the same
plugins, that's gonna be an issue and
just remember, that if you wanted to
create a plugin, you probably wouldn't
want to name your string edit, cuz there's
already gonna be one in the admin area.
So again, this is why name spacing,
various places, is a helpful thing.
Then, this function here is just
adding a link to the admin area.
I won't go into all the different
things there, but you could search for
add_menu_page, and then you'll
see the different parameters and
it should make just sense by looking
at it, kind of what that's doing.
Then, this is some
horrible best practice for
putting a bunch of HTML right
inside our PHP template.
Of course, you'd wanna abstract
this out in to an actual template,
do this a little bit cleaner.
But for our purposes, it's okay,
and I'll also mention that,
again, this is all PHP stuff,
but in WordPress, all text
should be passed through something
that could be filtered and translated.
So if I just said here,
give me an h2 with JS for WP plugin,
that would be a problem, because that
can never be translated into Spanish, or
German, or Portuguese, whatever.
So whenever you pass stuff through, you
wanna make sure that 's translatable, and
then just in case somebody tries to
do some hockey, I got your site now,
JavaScript.
It's also gonna strip out type like that.
What we've got is we're setting up
the URL, we're setting up a page.
All the stuff is PHP.
It's not as important for us.
What we really wanna is come down
into our back end scripts, and
I mention this because,
what we probably want to start doing,
is having both frontend scripts,
and backend scripts.
We can't put them into the same function,
because they're tying
into different hooks.
And weird things will start happening,
if you try to start hooking in things when
they're not supposed to be there, right?
This is a perfect example.
So we don't want all
of a sudden some admin
js to be going off on the page telling
them that they did some error wrong,
when really they're just
trying to read a blog post.
So break those two up, and we're making
sure we use admin_enqueue_scripts, and
then, we're throwing in
this extra code here
just to make sure that it's
only loading on our page.
So if I come into plug-ins,
and I activate 2.3 completed.
Notice that it's gonna throw
up this link over here.
That was setting up our admin.
This is that page, HTML,
that's hard coded, and
if I pop open my console, I should see
that there is now back in plugin loaded,
but if I go to a tools section or
another page, notice that it's not there.